The Japanese Air Force is cooperating with the Navy Air Force.
Or, it cooperates with the Air Force of the Far East Air Force, or the direct air force of the Japanese Air Force.
This year, we are operating a continuous, non-stop war against the Japanese Air Force.
Even with the recent results of the air-to-air war, the enemy has already been hit several times by our damage.
The masters of our Air Force have already had a fierce battle in the 에 allem Big Dipper erotic battle.
In addition to fighting the Japanese aerial force, they significantlyQueue- importantes in trying to suppress air-to-air war, Advisorклад deckers and military paroleOh the 2ndướ pää deviantly to Foundation .
Since June, the damage to the enemy in the Yugi-niya area has been 500 enemy planes flying in a month, 18 enemy ships flying in a month, 40 transport ships, and more than 50 ships on land.
The damage to the enemy in the Yugi-niya area is at least 14,000.
There are many land-based guns.
The operation on this side is carried out in the area of the Yugi-niya area.
At the same time, we have to conquer many evil forces such as malaria and dengue, and most of the land-based weapons are almost in the field.
We must be careful about supply.
Therefore, the strength of our large-scale combat troops is not so much in the imagination, but it is the most important part of the enemy's incompetence.
Even if we combine the other elements of the evil, the enemy large-scale combat troops are not in life, and they are not only open-air planes, but also psychotherapy patients.
There are things that the enemy cannot do well in the first phase of the war, and there are things that are particularly important for the damage of the enemy, especially the damage of the enemy.
In general terms, we are told by the five countries and the navy.